Critical Thinking (10 points)

Submit a ~100 word explanation of the potential choices and tradeoffs you may think through in the process of building this model. (e.g. why you may go X layers deep? why you may choose X cost function?).

Ans : Deep learning is a machine learning technique that uses the basic human understanding concept of learn by example. 
Deep learning is used driverless cars, enabling them to recognize a stop sign, lamppost or human being walking in a pedestrian. It is also used in voice and text recognition. Deep learning is very popular nowadays because the outputs produced are of greater accuracy. 
In deep learning, the model learns to perform classification tasks directly from images, text, or sound data. 

Deep learning has become popular nowadays because with advent of Big Data, the systems can skim through millions of images and thousand of videos. In addition, the computing power of high performance GPUs which has parallel architecture makes achieving results at a faster speed.

Deep learning uses the fundemental concept of neural network architecture. Traditional neural network consist of 2-3 hidden layers, where as in Deep Learning network the hidden layers can be as many as 150. Neural networks are based on manual feature extraction, where as in deep learning the feature extraction is done by the model directly from the data. One of the example of deep neural network is convolutional neural networks. CNN is very useful for processing of images, because they use 2D convolutional layer for learning features. The features are learned when the network trains a collection of images. CNN model detects the features of images using many of hidden layers. As layers increases the complexity of image features also increase propotionally. The first layer could be used to detect the edges of images while the last layer detect the complex shapes and nuances of the image. So the trade off with going through multiple layers is the computing power and execution time goes up exponentionally.  

Next we have to decide between forward and backward propogation. First we forward propagate to get the output and compare it with the real value to get the error.
The to minimize the error, we propagate backwards by finding the derivative of error with respect to each weight and then subtracting this value from the weight value. first we do forward propogation and see how well your network is behaving and find the error. After figuring that the network has error, we back propagate and use a form of gradient descent to update new values of weights.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Data camp course (15 points)
Deep learning in Python. This is assigned through datacamp. Note that you only need to finish 30% of the datacamp course in order to get 15points full credit. Please take more time to finish it down the road when you have time.

Ans : I have finished two chapters out of 4
